frontend/README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This is the frontend package of a fullstack monorepo managed with [pnpm workspaces](https://pnpm.io/workspaces). It is designed as a minimal yet modern template for React apps using TypeScript and Vite.

## Features

- Built-in internationalization (English, German, French)
- Settings page with language and theme (dark/light) switch
- State management via [zustand](https://github.com/pmndrs/zustand)
- Fast development with [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- UI components built with [Material UI (MUI)](https://mui.com/)
- Easy integration with other packages in the monorepo

## Usage in Monorepo

This package is intended to be used as part of the monorepo. To install dependencies and run the frontend in development mode, use the root workspace commands:

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm --filter react-ts-template dev
```

You can also build or lint the frontend specifically:

```bash
pnpm --filter react-ts-template build
pnpm --filter react-ts-template lint
```

## Project Structure

- `src/` – Application source code
- `public/` – Static assets
- `index.html` – Main HTML entry point

## Notes

- The frontend expects the backend API to be running on http://localhost:5000 for development.
- Shared types and enums are imported from the `shared` package (see monorepo root).

## Testing

This frontend supports automated testing using [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) and [@testing-library/react](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/). Example tests can be found in the `__tests__` directory and in component files with the `.test.tsx` suffix (e.g., `src/components/feedback/LoadingOverlay.test.tsx`).

To run the tests:

```bash
pnpm --filter react-ts-template test
```

Tests cover main UI components and app logic. You can add your own tests in the same style for additional coverage.

Happy coding!

Commit message:

docs: update READMEs files to reflect changes from Todos to Credentials

frontend/README.md, after:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This is the frontend package of a fullstack monorepo managed with [pnpm workspaces](https://pnpm.io/workspaces). It is designed as a minimal yet modern template for React apps using TypeScript and Vite.

## Features

- Credential dashboard: issue, view, verify, share, and delete credentials
- Built-in internationalization (English, German, French)
- Settings page with language and theme (dark/light) switch
- State management via [zustand](https://github.com/pmndrs/zustand)
- Fast development with [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)
- UI components built with [Material UI (MUI)](https://mui.com/)
- Easy integration with other packages in the monorepo

## Usage in Monorepo

This package is intended to be used as part of the monorepo. To install dependencies and run the frontend in development mode, use the root workspace commands:

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm --filter react-ts-template dev
```

You can also build or lint the frontend specifically:

```bash
pnpm --filter react-ts-template build
pnpm --filter react-ts-template lint
```

## Project Structure

- `src/` – Application source code
- `public/` – Static assets
- `index.html` – Main HTML entry point

## Notes

- The frontend expects the backend API to be running on http://localhost:5000 for development.
- Shared types and enums (including credentials) are imported from the `shared` package (see monorepo root).
- The dashboard interacts with the `/credentials` API for all credential management features.

## Testing

This frontend supports automated testing using [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) and [@testing-library/react](https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/). Example tests can be found in the `__tests__` directory and in component files with the `.test.tsx` suffix (e.g., `src/components/feedback/LoadingOverlay.test.tsx`).

To run the tests:

```bash
pnpm --filter react-ts-template test
```

Tests cover main UI components and app logic. You can add your own tests in the same style for additional coverage.

Happy coding!
